Jenny asked though still to play his
hand and he's gonna have to play it soon
he's the last man standing gets a hell
of a hit off the stacks delivers its
style as he will pull right back toward
the precipice of defeat
down their knees thing needs to make
himself as big and loud as you can
without reinforcements coming oh you
would have thought that snacks was gonna
claim that one that's it's just be Olli
intends to hold three he only comes in
with a big ball hit and a second and
it's bialy vs. exists or tiny gets it
also play from bialy pulling bow to
throw back in this with his bare hands
and there is things this time wielding
the all now that's both doing its girl
from attending it for really seeing
anything but this is the hit on to
existence this next game is up as he has
to get out of there Neal
almost designed the smokebreaths snatch
will pick up another one that's triple
outside he's shutting down the whole
courtyard on his own and Pasha it's
gonna have to fall back from that
flashbang he goes down a great pick up
on Kenny but he's alone in a one on
three with exactly 1.0 health and here
comes the grenade he's gonna get her ex
snacks will pick up the quad kill a
scent that is it an ace from snags and
they take a round lead for the first
time in this game